.TH TLIITools 1 2020-03-24
.SH NAME
tlIItools \- tools for dealing with Torchlight II data files
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBtlIItools\fP [\fIOPTION\fP]... [\fIFILE\fP]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBtlIItools\fP is a collection of various tools for dealing with the data files
that are created during the course of modding Torchlight II.
.P
Currently, the main function is providing a list of available affixes in an
easy to browse format; but there are plans to add several other functions.
.SS Affix listing
Currently, this is the only mode, and it is the one that is invoked by default.
It requires that at least one file name be provided, and file names/arguments
may be freely intermixed (some require that).
.P
The output it provides is a text listing of each affix you provided in a
condensed format that can be more easily read.
.SS File groups
File groups are a concept that was introduced to group together similar items.
Currently, there isn't much mechanical support they offer, but they help with
grouping things together in the output, and will likely be used for more in the
future.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 
\fB--\fP
This follows the general convention where '\fB--\fP' indicates the end of argument
processing. All further arguments will be interpreted as file names.
.TP
.BR "-z" ", " "--omit-zero"
This will omit the notes about 'Affix ... has zero spawn weight' that are
printed if the 'don't list zeroes option' (controlled by the \fB-L\fP and
\fB--no-list-zeroes\fP arguments) is enabled. If those flags are turned off,
this won't do much.
.TP
.BR "-Z" ", " "--no-omit-zero"
Enable the 'Affix ... has zero spawn weight' messages that \fB-z\fP turns off.
These are enabled by default.
.TP
.BR "-l" ", " "--list-zero"
This causes zero-weight affixes to be included in the affixes that are printed
out.
.TP
.BR "-L" ", " "--no-list-zero"
Exclude zero-weight affixes from the printed affix listing. This is the default
setting.
.TP
.BR "-t" ", " "--timing"
Track and output additional timing information. This is mostly of interest while
doing development to see how much time is being consumed, and giving a vague
idea of where it's being taken up.
.TP
.BR "-T" ", " "--no-timing"
Turn off additional timing info. This is the default.
.TP
.BR "-f" ", " "--file-names"
Output the file names that affixes were sourced from as well.
.TP
.BR "-F" ", " "--no-file-names"
Don't output the file names we got each affix from.
.TP
.BR "-n \fR[\fIall|unnamed|named\fR]\fP" ", " "--name-mode \fR[\fIall|unnamed|named\fR]\fP"
Controls the way that affixes being named/unnamed controls whether or not they
are output in the listings. The following are the valid modes, and what they do.
.RS
.TP
.I all
Names don't have any affect on which affixes are/aren't output.
.TP
.I unnamed
Only output unnamed affixes
.TP
.I named
Only output named affixes
.RE
.TP
.BR "-g \fIgroup-name\fP" ", " "--file-group \fIgroup-name\fP"
Place every file that comes after this into file group \fIgroup-name\fP
.TP
.BR "--guess-groups"
Turn on attempting to guess which file group a given file should go into.
.TP
.BR "--no-guess-groups"
Turn off attempting to guess which file group a given file should go into. This
is the default.
.TP
.BR "-r \fIfile-name\fP" ", " "--read-names-from-file \fIfile-name\fP"
Specify that all of the files listed in \fIfile-name\fP (one per line) should
have their affixes scanned as well.
.TP
.BR "-o \fIfile-name\fP" ", " "--output \fIfile-name\fP"
Specify that the affixes should be printed out to \fIfile-name\fP instead of to
the standard output stream.
.TP
.BR "-e \fIfile-name\fP" ", " "--output-errors \fIfile-name\fP"
Specify that errors should be printed out to \fIfile-name\fP instead of to
the standard error stream.
.TP
.BR "--guess-regex \fIregex\fP"
Specify the regular expression that should guide any attempts to guess file
groups. The regular expression should match the file name, with a single
capture-group that will specify the name of the file group.
.SH EXAMPLES
.SH SEE ALSO
